Come in.
Mr. Park.
- Hello. - Are you here?
Welcome, Mr. Park.
I came to visit.
Is it all right if I come?
Don't say such a thing.
I agree. We like you, Mr. Park.
I've been waiting.
When will you allow me to be in your life?
Do you think it's just fun and games for me?
Why do you only think about yourself?
I don't only think about myself.
(Seowoo Hospital)
Why didn't you come in?
I made this thinking you wouldn't have time to eat.
Why are you just giving it to me? You should come in.
I don't want to go in today.
Take it, and eat it with your family.
The lunch box is nice,
but I like it better when you say hi to my dad.
I have something to think about.
I'm sorry.
Thanks.
(Temperature of Love)
You should eat something, sir.
I don't have any appetite.
Dad. You still have to eat.
The surgery will take five hours.
It'll be so hard on her.
How could I eat?
You and Mom are one.
Mom will be able to hang in there only when you do.
I brought food.
Jung Sun made lunch boxes for us.
Great. I didn't want to eat out.
Then I'll get going now.
Mr. Park. You should eat with us.
You didn't even have breakfast.
Is she in a VIP room?
It's going to cost a fortune.
You should have told me if she got scheduled for surgery.
I'm sorry.
It's delicious.
Dad, try this.
Thanks.
Do you want water, Dad?
Yes.
Do you want water too, Mr. Park?
Yes, please.
I'm jealous.
You'll get to eat like this a lot since your boyfriend's a chef.
I'm sick of rice.
If you're jealous, that means you lost.
I can't lose to you, so I'll take it back.
I feel better now that I'm eating some food.
I agree.
I thought I was going to die from suffocation.
Hey, eat yours.
Don't start again.
I think it's nice because it livens up the mood.
What do you like, Sous Chef?
Something warm.
That's nice.
I like that, but...
I also like seafood.
- It's filling. - Seafood is delicious too.
You guys are so friendly these days.
It's not like that.
Then go out with me?
- Do you want some of this? - No.
- I don't. - Do you want some of this?
No, I don't.
You know the men Soo Jung wasn't sure about...
The men who didn't finish their dish?
What about them?
If they were from Michelin, we won't get a star, right?
Probably not.
We screwed up the sauce.
Then our restaurant will go down even more.
You can go down with it.
Once the Michelin result is out in November,
I'm leaving.
You have no sense of loyalty.
You can't say that when all you care about is money.
Hey.
"Hey"? How dare you call me hey?
Stop it. He's just a kid.
I'm not a kid.
You're sitting here like a girl.
Stop talking nonsense.
I'll sit here too.
This reminds me of my childhood.
Why are you doing this?
I said that I would ride the bus, but you insisted on coming with me.
Then you were late!
You can sit here alone and think about your childhood.
Well, I...
Why are you doing this to me?
Why are you talking down to me?
Well, I did this and that.
What do you mean this and that?
I've been sending you signs, but why are you ignoring them?
Why do you think?
It means I'm not interested.
Fine.
Do you hate me, or do you hate dating?
Both.
I've never worked so hard to get someone with glasses...
who is not my type.
This is a first for me too.
I've never had any men act like this because of me.
So I'll just enjoy this kind of thing a little more.
Kyung.
Isn't this for Hyun Soo's mom?
That's right.
You want me to carry this?
Because you don't want to?
No, because I want to talk to you.
I bought it for you, Kyung.
Well... You kind of look like that bear.
Kyung.
- Writer Hwangbo. - What?
Let's walk together.
It was delicious.
Thanks to you, my dad ate something.
We have 3 lunch reservations for 10 people,
and 3 dinner reservations for 8 people.
That's one more table than yesterday.
Yes!
Mr. Park.
Are you here for a meeting?
Yes. Can't you change the director?
Why are you doing this again?
Whenever I see you, I want to cause you problems.
You took care of Hyun Soo's hospital problem.
Because it was something I could take care of.
You could take care of it, because I told you about the problem.
I'm still rooting for you and Hyun Soo.
I want Jung Sun to grow old alone.
I guess you have a lot of grudges.
I'm a fan who turned into his anti-fan.
He never does things roughly. He has clear lines.
I liked him because he couldn't do things roughly.
If you want to have the girlfriend of the person you like,
you can't have that mindset.
You have to know your enemy and yourself to win.
Then win. That's all I want.
Go have a meeting with Director Min now.
Your work is On Entertainment's highly anticipated drama.
Mine should be the only anticipated drama.
(Operating room)
Yes.
Mr. Park. Ms. Lee's mother...
is still in operation.
It's taking longer than scheduled.
All right.
I heard Hyun Soo's mother had surgery.
How did you find out about that?
Won Joon told me on my way in.
I feel so bad for her. She's still so young.
Hyun Soo must feel very upset.
You should be grateful that you don't need to worry about my health.
Are you not mad at me anymore?
Here.
Your hands are always wet.
It's something I already had. I didn't buy it.
I used to use it, but I brought it to give it to you. It's really nice.
I'm trying right now.
You might not really recognize a difference,
but I'm really doing my best.
Did you eat?
Yes, I ate.
Mr. Park.
Her surgery ended well, so you don't need to worry.
Thank you.
Can I meet her?
Don't be too startled.
Welcome.
Hello.
I'm glad you're here. Thank you for the delicious breakfast.
I wanted to see you before you had your surgery,
but I couldn't because you were sleeping.
It's okay.
I made some food that will help with her recovery after surgery.
My goodness. Thank you.
We owe you for your kindness.
I'm glad I can do this for you. You don't owe me anything.
Thank you.
What brings you here in the middle of work?
Why aren't you at the hospital? I just came back from there.
By the way, Chef On came with a lot of food.
I'm thinking about learning how to cook.
I think Kyung has a thing for men who can cook.
Why are you being such a fool?
You only ended up benefiting Chef On.
I'm so touched by your pure love.
Give me the drama proposal before your meeting.
Hyun Soo didn't give it to me yet. I'll tell her to give it to you.
It's hard, isn't it?
Her surgery went well,
so I just hope she recovers quickly.
I want to be of help.
The fact that you're beside me...
is enough to make me feel better.
How long is she going to be hospitalized for?
About a week.
I'll keep cooking for her, so don't worry about that.
I'm benefiting a lot from having a boyfriend who's a chef.
Hello. Did you come to check up on her?
Yes.
I had to check up on her because Mr. Park pleaded me to do so.
I see.
Some people might think he's her son-in-law.
He even came to see me earlier after her surgery.
- I'll go now. - Thank you.
[VIU Ver] E31 Temperature of Love "I Kept Trying"
-= Ruo Xi =-
My gosh, I fell asleep.
You should sleep, Dad.
Mr. Park is our family's savior.
Since your mom's sleeping,
I should get some sleep too.
Lie down.
Okay. Thank you.
(A few days later)
Hello.
- Is Mr. Park inside? - Yes.
What's gotten into you? You rarely come to visit.
I'm human too.
I never said you weren't.
Thank you for looking after my mom.
We still have trust for each other.
And who's the one who took that trust very lightly?
I wouldn't have come here if I had taken it lightly.
I always tell you...
that I'm thankful and I'm sorry.
I thought I'd never have to say that to you again, but here I am.
You think you always only received things from me, don't you?
But you're wrong.
I received a lot from you too.
I'll go now.
My mom's moving to another hospital room.
It was my parents' suggestion.
I saw your script. I'm going to send it to the broadcasting company.
Okay.
Oh, hello.
Hello.
Hyun Soo's not here right now. Didn't you call her before you came?
I thought she'd be here. I need to hurry back anyway.
I came during break time.
What's this?
Thank you for everything.
It's nothing.
I feel uncomfortable with Chef On coming here too often.
Why do you feel uncomfortable?
He's not our son-in-law yet.
You should tell him in a way that he won't get offended.
What should I tell him?
Tell him that he doesn't need to come.
They're still young. You never know what will happen between them.
What if I tell him that, and he gets upset?
He's been so kind to us.
(Examination Room, Lounge)
Thank you.
- These mandarins are delicious. - Thank you.
Thank you for making time to visit when you're busy.
There's no need for you to feel uncomfortable.
Mr. Park, you have an appointment with Mr. Yoo at 7pm.
Hyun Soo.
Hey.
- Hello. - Hi.
Are you guys on a date?
We agreed to try seeing each other for a month.
I guess you like things to be clear in relationships.
Yes.
Didn't you call Jung Sun before coming?
I thought he'd be here.
Did Hong Ah...
I'll go inside first.
Did Hong Ah say something to you?
No. But I'm quite surprised.
I never thought you'd change.
Neither did I.
And I'm still not sure.
But I just decided to give it a go...
since I got swayed a little.
Before, I thought I needed to be at least 80 percent sure to know.
But Soo Jung broke that concept for me.
Are you saying you're uncertain about her, yet you're seeing her?
Soo Jung will be upset to hear that.
That's why I'm trying my best.
There's nothing that won't work with effort.
I went to the hospital to visit your parents.
I went to Good Soup.
We must've crossed paths.
Yes, we did.
I heard your mother's getting discharged next week.
Yes, I think so.
I'll go see her until then.
You don't have to. You already did enough.
Do you know that...
all we do is check up on each other these days?
Mr. Park the one who arranged my mom's surgery.
I couldn't tell you because I thought you might get upset.
Where did...
the straightforward and outspoken Lee Hyun Soo go?
I don't know.
I feel uneasy every time I try to start a conversation with you.
Since when?
It's been a while.
I think it started when you rejected my offer to live together.
It felt as if...
you were pushing me away because of your emotional scars and reality.
I was also worried that...
I became less attractive because I asked you to live with me.
- Hyun Soo. - I tried.
I kept trying.
But I keep feeling like there's a wall between us.
I thought you didn't like humans.
You said social media was your friend.
You acted as if you were never going to see me again.
Why are you following me to my interview?
I also need to gather information about chefs.
Then you should ask Won Joon.
Is he not talking to you anymore because of Soo Jung?
Soo Jung's nothing.
He spent way more time with me.
That doesn't stop elderly couples from getting a divorce.
You're being really annoying.
Yes. I learned this from you.
Have you tried going to...
the new fine dining restaurant that recently opened in Seocho-dong?
No, not yet.
Would you like to go with me?
Yes, I'd love to.
Okay, then.
Hello.
You're here.
Yes. Is Min Ho inside?
He's probably in the kitchen.
I'm going to eat here.
- Kyung, you should eat too. - Okay.
Please reserve a table for us.
Okay.
Won Joon, I need to interview you.
Please stay here, and answer my questions.
Okay.
Soo Jung, let's go home together.
Are you happy that you quit being a doctor to become a chef?
If you hadn't quit, you would've actually become a doctor by now.
I like cooking.
I heard your father's still so angry because of you.
How can you say that?
He started to pick up my calls recently.
It's natural for a parent to answer their child's phone call.
That's not something to be happy about.
I'm grateful that I can be happy over such little things.
Why do you keep talking back to every word I say?
I thought this was an interview.
Should I not talk?
You can talk.
How much do you earn a month?
2,500 dollars.
You earn that little?
How is that little? That's just enough for me.
I'll earn more when I'm a chef and make my own menus.
There's nothing grand or special about fine dining.
Why do you want to do this so much?
What about you? What made you so eager to become a scriptwriter?
- Won Joon. - What?
Don't be like this.
I'm sorry.
It's true that I'm starting to show interest in you because of Soo Jung.
But we can't start dating each other because of that.
I never asked you to date me.
I'm telling you not to go out with Soo Jung.
You don't have to go out with me either.
I would hesitate even if you asked me to date you.
Won Joon.
Mr. Park.
It's been a while, Mr. Yoo.
We should meet each other more often.
I'd love to. Please sit down.
Let's start with the good news.
I read Hyun Soo's synopsis and script.
Things will only become definite after we hand in a proposal.
But I like it.
Joon Ha's also very eager about it, so I'm going to ask him to direct.
Thank you.
Where did the straightforward and outspoken...
Lee Hyun Soo go?
I don't know.
I feel uneasy every time I try to start a conversation with you.
I did that because I care about you.
If you care about me,
give me what I want.
I feel uneasy every time I try to start a conversation with you.
Since when?
I think it started when you rejected my offer to live together.
(3 days later)
(Seowoo Hospital)
I'll carry those.
I'll put these in the car, and I'll meet you in front of the hospital.
Come out after about 10 minutes.
Thank you so much.
Don't mention it.
Why did you call him? We could've just done it ourselves.
He insisted on coming. It's kind of him.
He is kind.
You also got married to Dad because he was kind.
That's because it wasn't a problem to do that back then.
Let's go. He can't park the car for long in front of the hospital.
Okay.
Hello?
You should come to the office by 5pm.
Hong Jin's going to tell you if the drama's going to get aired or not.
- Hello. - Hi, Hyun Soo.
- Have you been doing well? - Yes.
We came to a decision after reading the drama proposal.
We decided to...
proceed with your drama.
But it's not 100 percent yet. You need to work well with Joon Ha.
I'll do my best.
I think you're really lucky when it comes to work.
Mr. Park always steps in to help...
when it comes to things that are related to you.
There's even a rumor that you two are going out.
It was Mr. Park...
who brought Shin Ha Rim back to the filming set.
Hyun Soo. Did you hear the news?
Gosh, it's hot.
(Jung Sun)
(Hyun Soo)
Hello?
Jung Sun, guess what happened today.
What happened?
Gosh.
- I'm sorry. - I'm sorry.
- It's okay. - I'm sorry.
"Kind Soup" could get scheduled to air.
Sorry, I missed that. What's up?
Well,
I said "Kind Soup" could be scheduled to air.
That's great.
Yes, it is.
What are you doing today?
I have to work.
Then I'll come see you later.
Okay.
Hyun Soo.
Let's do this!
I don't think we should head straight home tonight.
We need to celebrate together.
- Together? - Yes, together.
Take one each.
Get up everyone.
When I say "Kind Soup", you say "Big hit".
"Kind Soup"!
- Big hit! - Big hit!
You said we could do this on our own.
We're doing it.
Hold it up right.
Gosh. Sure, you're the photographer.
What about me?
- You can just stand there. - All right, then.
- Shall we take a group picture? - That sounds great.
- Okay. - You come here.
- Yes. - 1, 2, 3.
Let's get this done with.
2, 3.
(Episode 32 will air shortly.)